# Technica-Hackathon
## This project is intended as a submission for the Technica hackathon of 2020
## You can find the hosted website on https://sguthrie16.github.io/Technica-Hackathon/hackislamophobia/index.html
### I chose the #hackislamophobia track. This website is intended to combat the false news and conspiracies around the Islam community. I have saw firsthand how harsh these articles can be and the negative effects they have on those in the community. It ostracizes Islam individuals and makes them feel as if they are a mockery. Imagine seeing thousands of articles shaming and polarizing your community, it would not be something you enjoy. I expect that individuals will use this website as their main source of news and will not be exposed to the false news that can negatively impact others. This website also includes a quiz that allows us to see how easily we can be manipulated by the media. Fake news is a big issue with cyber security and the negative effects it can have. Fake news can affect things as serve as the election and is a serious threat. Within the Islam community the effect of fake news can cause serious biases as well as lead to frustration. False news needs to be stopped and this is my solution!
### Through this project I learnt how to utilize JS in conjunction with HTML. I have created a website in flask but never really dabbled in JS. I learnt how to create functions and use them to complete a quiz and various processes associated with that. I found JS to be very similar to Java which is a language I have experience in. I found the project a bit time consuming as I did it solo but nevertheless, I enjoyed it very much.
